well howdy there I don't know people its
Bo again so tonight we're going to talk
about unwanted houseguests and what they
can teach us I think most people have
dealt with an unwanted houseguest at
some point in time in their life and if
you have it you probably will generally
your friends your neighbors people
around you they know they're bad house
guests before you do and a lot of times
they'll tell you you know this person
enough they've worn out their welcome in
a lot of places you know this person has
a pretty bad habit of holding up their
end of the deal you know this person is
kind of left a lot of people twisting in
the wind over the years and if you have
a neighbor like that often times they'll
tell you and they'll be real direct
about it you got a good neighbor
so I'm gonna give you a scenario let's
say you've got an unwanted houseguest
you've grown kind of accustomed to them
but you really don't want them there to
begin with
you got a neighbor who's telling you
they're bad they have been sold out
their friends they've done a lot of bad
things over the last few years and when
the time comes they're not gonna leave
mark my words
and the neighbor sincerely believes this
neighbor may also say other things that
aren't necessarily true
eventually your neighbor starts trying
to help you
it's the way they see it and they make
it uncomfortable for your house guests
then all of a sudden your neighbor
standing there talking to the house
guests you've invited him over and your
house guest lays them out
you being a responsible homeowner will
will will bow we this can't go on here
we don't want this in my house we need
to sit down and talk about you leaving
in your house yes tells you no we're not
going to talk about me leaving in fact
if we're going to have any discussion at
all it's going to be about us moving
forward and becoming better friends and
you're doing what I say
how do you view the assessment of your
neighbor who got knocked out pretty
accurate now right certainly seems that
way in fact that incident is so dramatic
that you may even believe the stuff that
isn't true now because you got to see
something you got to see that side no
we're not going to talk about it we're
in control this is my house now
that scenario has played out it has
played out now where we go from here I
don't know it's entirely up to the other
people in the house the people that live
in that house and what they decide to do
and how they decide to react or respond
and whether or not the neighbor is going
to help them and the neighbors friends
there seems to be a growing consensus in
the mind of the houseguest that talking
is weakness it's not it's not
failing to talk about leaving is the
latest mistake
in a long string of mistakes and it may
very well turn the whole household
against us I mean against the house
guests anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night